Aren't I such a good wife?
Long time no see!
Hahaha Fang Yuan
Why are you here?
I don't think your business is going to close down.
Come and help you get out
I don't need your help. Why are you being so heartless?
Everyone is married at least
In this way, my hair rate will be 20% off.
Buy your factory
Lest you leave me and starve myself to death
Fangyuan, who do you think you are?
I'll only be better off without you
Then why did I hear that your capital chain was broken?
The bank can't bring money either.
How about this?
Can you come and serve me well?
Maybe I'll be happy.
Let my dad continue to lend you money
square
Don't think you can force me to death because your father is the president
I'll tell you the truth, I've raised the money.
Xiao Zhou sees off guests
Mr. Fang
Please go out
Who are you? Let me out
Yeah? You said
Which wild man do I think my wife hooks up with?
This is not that one.
Bad gambler whose wife and children can't afford to support
Domestic abuse man?
I have heard it for a long time
Come to my ex-wife to cheat money
Who I'm with has nothing to do with you
Get the hell out of here
Take an inch, right?
shameless
Also hit women
What about hitting a woman?
dare not be
On beating women
You are the senior, hehe.
The bond issuance plan written by that kid is watertight
Not an idle generation
I have read your corporate financial report
It's very easy to move money around.
I suggest you check it carefully.
Xiao Zhang, hurry up and check the recent trend of funds
See if you can do it.
Sun general ledger display
There is indeed a large amount of money flowing towards the upset
The current liquidity of our company
Almost zero
Quick alarm to recover funds
Fortunately, Sun Noni found it in time
Bank commitment
Within 48 hours
It's great to return Uncle Liu's funds the same way.
Thanks to one ball.
Prepare a big gift to return to Xiaoshuang's place
I want to thank him in person